# Item 360 - Sample Single Page Application (SPA) SuiteApp

This sample SPA SuiteApp is written in TypeScript. It demonstrates the basic principles of creating SPAs with NetSuite User Interface Framework (UIF) and how to use its rich set of features, namely:

- State management
- Routing
- Functional components
- Asynchronous loading of data from NetSuite via SuiteScript
- Handling data loading in UI using loaders and skeletons
- Working with components that rely on data sources
- Working with assets and static data fetching
- Complex layouts
- Handling of component events
- Custom components using CSS in JS
- Usage of built-in contexts such as messaging
- Linting source code with Prettier and ESLint

This sample Item 360 SuiteApp features a `Dashboard` page that provides various information about the items in the account. It shows the total item count, reminders related to items, number of items per vendor, stock status, and lists of most expensive and cheapest items and their cost and stock info.

It also features an `Items` page that provides the complete list of items. You can search for specific items by filtering the list by name. From this page, you can also create new items, open the item record in view or edit mode, or delete a specific item.

A `Profile` page is also available. This page shows information about the account administrator.

## Installation
+ `npm i` to install required dependencies
+ `suitecloud account:setup` to set up the  account where the app is to be deployed
+ `npm run build` to build the project inside a new `build` directory
+ `npm run deploy` to bundle the built app into the `/src/FileCabinet/SuiteApps` folder and deploy it into the configured account

For more information, see also [SPA Build Setup](../README.md#build-setup) and [SPA SuiteApp Deployment](../README.md#suiteapp-deployment).

## Application Structure

This sample SPA SuiteApp has the following structure:
- `/src/SuiteApps` contains the sources of the SuiteApp and the `assets` folder for static assets.
- `/test` contains unit tests that you can run using using npm tasks.
- `/src/manifest.xml` and `/src/deploy.xml` contain the configuration of the SuiteApp.
- `/src/Objects/custspa_xxx.xml` contain the object definition for the `singlepageapp` SDF custom object.
- `/build` contains the source files processed by the TypeScript compiler after running the `npm run build` task. The files can be cleaned by running the `npm run clean` task.
- `/src/FileCabinet/SuiteApps` contains the bundled and minified sources that are pushed to NetSuite. The files are generated by running `npm run bundle` and cleaned by running `npm run clean`.
- `/gulpfile.mjs` is a command line interface that provides the `build`, `bundle`, and `clean` npm tasks. It is possible to configure the source concatenation and minification here using the `concatenateScripts` and `minifyScripts` variables.

## Application Entry Point

The entry point for the frontend part of the application is the `SpaClient.ts` file. It has to export a `run` function that bootstraps the application by setting the layout and providing the content.

The default layout is a scrolling layout. To achieve a layout that fills the entire viewport use the `application` layout value.

The content of an application can be any type of NetSuite UIF component - `functional`, `PureComponent`, or the legacy `Component` type. 

### Code Linting

We suggest to use [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) and [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) for code linting and
formatting. Configuration files are included in this sample app (`.eslintrc` and `.prettierrc`), and npm scripts to inspect and fix issues are prepared in the `package.json` file - look for `inspect` and `lint` scripts.